rnv13.4.0 (#1792)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.4.0.md

* fixed a bug that made impossible to create a template without Kustomize
* fixed a bug that caused a wrong display of a company's cluster list has been corrected;
* fixed an issue that caused infinite loading on refresh of the History section in the Deploy area.

## Fast Data

### Fast Data Services

#### Projection Storer

The new version `v1.3.4` of the _Projection Storer_ is available!

#### Bug Fix

This version addressed a few bugs, here is a comprehensive list:

* following the upgrade of GraalJS version, insufficient permissions on the service image prevented the initialization of GraalVM cache and therefore the execution of any custom cast function. Now they can be properly executed again.
* the logic of provided cast function `castToDate` has been overhauled, so that dates represented as Unix timestamp in millisecond that ranges between `-2147483648` (`1969-12-07T03:28:36.352Z`) and `2147483647` (`1970-01-25T20:31:23.647Z`) are now properly converted into their expected date.

For more information check out the service [changelog](/runtime_suite/projection-storer/changelog.md).

> ## Data Catalog
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Teleconsultation Service

The new version `2.0.1` of the Teleconsultation Service - both Backend and Frontend - is out!

This patch version includes improvements and fixes to the documentation, default security policies and UI copies.

#### Therapy and Monitoring Manager

The new version `0.5.1` of the Therapy and Monitoring Manager is out!

This minor version brings some dependency updates, plus some fixes and improvements in the integrated threshold validation, in particular now the validation results are stored alongside the detection.
Also, a new `values` field is available in the prototypes to map a human-readable name of a detection property to the object path where the corresponding value is stored, such allowing to have nested or array fields in the detection schema while keeping a more human-friendly property name to display to the user.

#### Auth0 Client - 3.7.1

This patch includes a fix to logout redirect when query parameters are set in the redirect path.

#### Auth0 Client - 3.7.0

The version `3.7.0` of the Auth0 Client is now available, adding the support for TLS connections with Redis.

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `x.x.x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.8.0-beta.0`.

```
